=== Installation

It is recommended that you install Danbooru on a Debian-based system
since most of the required packages are available on APT.  Danbooru
has been successfully installed on Fedora, CentOS, FreeBSD, and OS X.
The INSTALL.debian install script is straightforward and should be
simple to adapt for other platforms.  If you want something similar to
Danbooru that is easier to install, try Shimmie
(http://code.shishnet.org/shimmie2/). Shimmie uses PHP and MySQL and
should be straightforward to install on most hosts.

For best performance, you will need at least 256MB of RAM for
PostgreSQL and Rails. The memory requirement will grow as your
database gets bigger.

Use your operating system's package management system whenever
possible.  This will simplify the process of installing init scripts,
which will not always happen when compiling from source.

=== Troubleshooting

These instructions won't work for everyone. If your setup is not
working, here are the steps I usually recommend to people:

1) Test the database. Make sure you can connect to it using psql. Make
sure the tables exist. If this fails, you need to work on correctly
installing PostgreSQL, importing the initial schema, and running the
migrations.

2) Test the Rails database connection by using rails console. Run
Post.count to make sure Rails can connect to the database. If this
fails, you need to make sure your Danbooru configuration files are
correct.

3) Test Nginx to make sure it's working correctly.  You may need to
debug your Nginx configuration file.

4) Check all log files.

=== IQDB Integration

In order to enable IQDB integration, you must compile and run the IQDB server somewhere (preferably on the local server). There are two Danbooru configuration settings that you must then set: iqdb_hostname_and_port and iqdb_file.

You must then populate the initial database. There is a fix script called 028_iqdb_import.rb to do this for you.

From then on, all new uploads will asynchronously create two tasks: one to update the IQDB database through the server interface (which updates the in-memory representation), and another to the command interface (which updates the disk representation). Expunging posts will also update the database.
